tiproxy: update traffic replay docs (#20323)
pingcap/docs: tiproxy/tiproxy-load-balance.md

Consider an application that handles both transaction and BI workloads. To prevent these workloads from interfering with each other, configure your cluster as follows:

1. Set [`balance.label-name`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#label-name) to `"app"` in TiProxy, indicating that TiDB servers will be matched by the label name `"app"`, and connections will be routed to TiDB servers with matching label values.

> 2. Configure at least 2 TiProxy instances. The TiProxy instance used for transaction business is configured with [`labels`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#labels) as `{"app"="Order"}`, and the instance used for BI business is configured with [`labels`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#labels) as `{"app"="BI"}`.
> 3. If high availability of TiProxy is also required, configure at least 4 TiProxy instances, and configure different virtual IPs for instances of different businesses. For example, configure the virtual IP `10.0.1.10/24` for 2 TiProxy instances used for transaction business, and configure the virtual IP `10.0.1.20/24` for 2 TiProxy instances used for BI business.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Deploy at least two TiProxy instances. Configure the TiProxy instance used for transaction business with [`labels`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#labels) as `{"app"="Order"}`, and the instance used for BI business with [`labels`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#labels) as `{"app"="BI"}`.
3. If high availability of TiProxy is required, deploy at least four TiProxy instances, and configure different virtual IP addresses for different businesses. For example, configure two TiProxy instances used for transaction business with virtual IP `10.0.1.10/24`, and two TiProxy instances used for BI business with virtual IP `10.0.1.20/24`.
```
